Add X-Ray to whats new (#27867)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/guides/whats-new-in-v7-2.md

  - [**Report time range**]({{< relref "#report-time-range" >}})
  - [**Organization-wide report settings**]({{< relref "#organization-wide-report-settings" >}})
  - [**Report grid layout**]({{< relref "#report-grid-layout" >}})

> - [**X-Ray data source plugin**]({{< relref "#x-ray-data-source-plugin" >}})

Reviewer: Needs proper alignment.

Author: I think this is aligned properly as it is not an enterprise feature.

In collaboration with Microsoft, we have improved the usability of our ADX datasource plugin by adding a visual query builder. The goal is to make it easier for users, regardless of their previous knowledge of writing KQL (Kusto Query Language) queries, to query and visualize their data.

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/v72/adx-ds.png" max-width="800px" caption="ADX visual query builder" >}}

> ### X-Ray data source plugin

Reviewer 2: I see the problem. @zoltanbedi, please update the TOC at the top to include the missing items, including the two headings above your entry.

Author: Added the missing titles.

> We are glad to announce our very first version of our data source plugin for AWS X-Ray. You can use the plugin to visualize traces, look at analytics tables, and insight summaries. For more information look at [plugin's page](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-x-ray-datasource).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are pleased to announce our very first version of our data source plugin for AWS X-Ray. You can use this plugin to visualize traces, look at analytics tables, and see insight summaries. For more information, refer to the [X-Ray data source](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-x-ray-datasource) plugin page.
```
